hey guys what is up choppier and today i
want to show you some really awesome
gameplay that is taken from the games
come stream that is featuring didn't you
map parasol storm for about three or
four so as you probably saw on the new
battlefield 4 trailer we had this giant
ship crashing into the island racking
absolutely everything in its way and it
looked amazing now this is basically a
timed event that is going to happen
every single round as you can see on
this gameplay right here taking from the
stream it looks absolutely awesome when
the ship is coming in towards the island
just imagine standing on that island see
leadership coming towards you that's
gonna be absolutely awesome I'm gonna
stand there waiting for your boat every
single time now basically when a
windmill gets taken down as you can see
earlier in the gameplay the boat will be
set free and it will go towards the
island now this is probably one of the
better examples of what evolution is
going to be like in battle before
obviously the skyscraper falling down is
probably the best example but this is
pretty awesome as you can see I giant
ship just crashed into the control point
sea and it totally just changed the
whole way people would play on this
control point because there's a giant
boat you can hide on you can go on top
of the boat shoot from there you can go
into ruin building and hide there if you
take a it's an anti-air on top of the
boats so basically if you hold the
control point see you can take control
over the anti-air and that was totally
change the game plays I mean Jets are
going to have to maneuver away from the
boats helicopters can't really go close
to the control point so we're gonna have
to approach with infantry which is
totally gonna change the gameplay for
the sea control point again as I already
mentioned this will happen everything
around you play this map the windmill
will fall and the boat will come in
towards the island although I'm not
quite sure if you can actually boost
this event by shooting at the windmill
because right before it gets taken down
you can see a lot of people shooting and
it you can see just trying to take it
down so I will just have to wait and see
for that I'm not quite sure how that
actually works yet but as you can see
here people are already starting to
climb on top of the boat to get up there
and get to height advantage over their
enemies now that's that's gonna be
pretty cool to see because this boat
just gives a whole new perspective to
the whole game plan how sea is just
gonna be played out because if you're
coming from an island from across sea or
across the boat you can actually see
that there's no cover at all but once
the boat is there you can climb on top
of it and it can move by the boat and
actually get sea
much easier way so I think it's gonna be
quite interesting to see how it plays
out once the boat is placed there but
that pretty much sums it up I think I've
talked about everything that I wanted to
talk about I hope you guys enjoyed this
gameplay as much as I did I definitely
thought it was awesome and I am really
looking forward to trying this out so
that's pretty much it but I hope you
guys enjoy this country if you didn't
make sure to leave a like if you didn't
make sure to even dislike and tell me
why you didn't like it and how I can
improve so again thanks for watching and
hopefully I will see you guys on the
battlefield